I'm going to show you again
how to get a key, a key pair.
For the key,
again there is a library in npm,
it's called Web Push with Dash and
it's a library
that will help you with
web push in Node js, okay?
But it's not just a library that
you can import in Node js to
actually send messages to Web Push.
We haven't seen that part yet.
But also it has a command line
interface for some basic operations,
such as create a pair of keys.
So that's why I encourage you before,
it's npx web push generate vapid keys.
And of course you need Node
js installed to run this.
So when you run this, you will get
a pair of public keys and private keys.
So we need to take the public key and
paste that in our client side, JavaScript.
And we need to take the private key and
paste that in our backend,
and I will show you
where is in our server.
Why?
Because when we are sending
messages to a user later,
we will sign the package
with our private key.
So then the push server will
know that it is us sending
that message and
not someone trying to impersonate us.
So that private key is really important.
Without it, we won't be able to
send a message to that user.
And the push server will store
our public key to add to,
I think to decrypt the package, I will
show you the diagram of that in a minute.
So I will copy the code public key.
I'm based at public key here.
Ask my application server key, and
I need the private key that
is paired to that public key,
and I need to open server.js that we
haven't touched that file before.
Server.js needs a key.
For what?
To send messages to the user.
Actually, Yeah, let's put it here.
In the root folder of our project,
open broadcast.js.
I would explain what this file is doing,
but there is a part of
that file where you can
paste the privateKey and
also the publicKey, both.
This is the private key.
And this is the public key.
I'm in broadcast.js.
Why it's called broadcast?
Because this little script will broadcast
the push message to every registered user.
It's broadcasting messages.
That's why.
So because this is the file that
will actually send a message,
it need to encrypt the package for
each user with the private
API with the private key